Pokemon/README.md, before:

# Pokemon-Solution

This is the solution to the app that displays a list of Pokemons and their respective characteristics taken from JSON data. Used in a Udacity course in the Android Basics Nanodegree by Google.

# Pre-requisites

Android SDK v24
Android Build Tools v23.0.3
Android Support Repository v24.1.1
Getting Started

This sample uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the "gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

# Support

Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android
Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

# License

Copyright 2018 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update Pokemon project and README file

Pokemon/README.md, after:

# Pokemon-Solution

This is the solution to the app that displays a list of Pokemons and their respective characteristics taken from JSON data. Used in a Udacity course in the Android Basics Nanodegree by Google.

# If not working
From Android Studio go to: Tools >> Android >> SDK Manager

In the Tools menu in SDK Manager, choose Manage Add-on Sites.

Then select: Android SDK > SDK Update Sites > https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/repository/addon.xml 

Then remove the project and start it again.

# Pre-requisites

Android SDK v24
Android Build Tools v23.0.3
Android Support Repository v24.1.1
Getting Started

This sample uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the "gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

# Support

Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android
Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

# License

Copyright 2018 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
